#Author: Shirshakk  Purkayastha

This repository contains two 'legitimate' methods of Web-Scrapping, viz:

	1) HTMLSession()
	2) Google Search API/Library
	
	
	Method 1: HTMLSession() 
    	
    	Part of the requests_html library in python and provides a convenient way to make HTTP requests and parse HTML content.
    	
    	HTMLSession allows you to send HTTP requests and retrieve the HTML content of a webpage and can also handle JavaScript 
    	rendering, allowing scraping of dynamically generated content.
    	
    	HTMLSession is useful for scraping websites that do not have APIs or provide structured data directly.
    	
    	> Created an instance of the HTMLSession() class to estabilish a session object.
    	> Session object is used to send HTTP requests to retrieve the HTML content of the webpage.
    	> Set up custom search domains to search the query.
    	> Captured the response generated, then parsed the fetched url using 'HTML Parser' to get the youtube video links.
    	

		Limitations: 
			1. Reliant completely on HTTP requests to scrape websites, which are blocked by certain protected websites.
    			2. Websites dependent on complex JavaScript frameworks on the client-side rendering are sometimes unaccessible
    			   to this method of scrapping, may lead to incomplete/incorrect data extraction.
    			3. Highly succeptible to website structure changes, may not provide same data on successive attempts.
    			4. An upper limit of 100 links is coded into google search engine, thus useful for small scapping attempts.

		
		
	Method 2: Google Search Library/API
	
	Python library that enables programmatic searching on Google, provides an interface to interact with the Google Search Engine 
	and retrieve search results, with the option of searching for specific keywords or phrases on Google.
	
	Customized search options available (number of search results and sites to be scrappped).
    
        Scrapped results returned as a list of dictionaries containing metadata (itle, URL, and description).
        
       	> Created an object by calling the 'search' function with the desired query as parameter.
       	> 'search' function sends request to Google and receives the HTML response. 
       	> Inbuilt 'parser' function parses the HTML response and outputs the 'channelId' tag from the gathered HTML.
        
	
		Limitations:
			1. Overuse of scraping search engine results can lead to IP blocking. 
			2. Dependent on the structure and behavior of Google's search results page, any change highly affects
			   the results and functionality of this library.
			3. Number of results retrieved using the Google-search-python library are limited by search engine 
			   restrictions, which can be increased by using "Google-search API", which are in turn limited to
			   100 searches per query.
